VPC NAT UI screenshots and Guest cluster using Overlay Networks (#1085)
harvester/docs: docs/networking/kubeovn-pureunderlay.md

For descriptions of settings that you must configure, see [Subnet Settings](./kubeovn-vpc.md#subnet-settings).

![](/img/subnetdhcp.png)

:::info important

When setting up a pure underlay, you must specify the name of the VLAN network that is mapped to the provider network.
If using this as external network for the `VPC NAT Gateway`, then make sure to enable DHCP and set `dns_server=8.8.8.8` and `natOutgoing` as `true`.

> This will make sure to install default route and resolve dns on the VMs which are using these subnets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When setting up a pure underlay network, specify the name of the VLAN network mapped to the provider network.

If you are using this network as an external network for a VPC NAT gateway, ensure that DHCP is enabled, `dns_server` is set to `8.8.8.8`, and `natOutgoing` is set to `true`. This configuration ensures that virtual machines using these subnets can resolve DNS and route traffic through the default gateway.
```

> If you are using this network as an external network for a VPC NAT gateway, ensure that DHCP is enabled, `dns_server` is set to `8.8.8.8`, and `natOutgoing` is set to `true`. This configuration ensures that virtual machines using these subnets can resolve DNS and route traffic through the default gateway.

Reviewer 2: We probably don't want to explicitly call out any specific DNS server IPs here. Instead, we could phrase it as using `8.8.8.8` as an example DNS server, so users don't get the impression that they must use that particular IP.

You can create virtual machines and attach them directly to a VLAN Network mapped to the configured provider network. These virtual machines can communicate with other virtual machines on the same subnet and route traffic directly to external networks via the physical infrastructure.

For more information, see [Create a Virtual Machine](../vm/create-vm.md#how-to-create-a-vm).

:::note

> The VLAN specified in this document is arbitrary and can be replaced with any VLAN that matches your network design. When using a VPC NAT Gateway, the External Network and External IP address must belong to the VLAN network chosen for the underlay network to ensure proper connectivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VLAN ID referenced in this guide is an example and can be replaced with any VLAN that fits your network design. When using a VPC NAT Gateway, the external network and external IP address must belong to the underlay network's designated VLAN to ensure proper connectivity.
```
